add /soundboard-sounds/{sound.id}/guild/{guild.id} endpoint (#304)
discord-userdoccers/discord-userdoccers: pages/resources/discovery.mdx

| guild_id                      | snowflake                                                     | The ID of the guild                                                                        |
| primary_category_id           | integer                                                       | The ID of the primary [discovery category](#discovery-category-object) set for the guild   |
| keywords                      | ?array[string]                                                | The discovery search keywords for the guild (max 30 characters, max 10)                    |

> | emoji_discoverability_enabled | boolean                                                       | Whether the guild is shown as a source through custom emojis, sounds and stickers          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| emoji_discoverability_enabled | boolean                                                       | Whether the guild is shown as a source through custom guild expressions          |
```
